Privacy Policy of KÖY MALL
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.


Policy summary
Personal Data is processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: email address; first name; phone number; physical address


Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
KÖY MALL
Owner contact email: embrooor@gmail.com


Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
KÖY MALL
Owner contact email: embrooor@gmail.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: first name; phone number; physical address; email address.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.

Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purpose of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Contacting the User.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Contacting the User
Cookie Policy
This Application uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the Cookie Policy.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.

Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. 

Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Latest update: January 15, 2024





سياسة الخصوصية و الأحكام والشروط


نحن ملتزمون بحماية خصوصية جميع زوار منصة الكوي مول .

يرجى قراءة سياسة الخصوصية التالية التي توضح كيفية استخدامنا لمعلوماتك وحمايتها. من خلال زيارة و/أو طلب الخدمات على هذا الموقع، فإنك توافق وتوافق عند الاقتضاء على جمع واستخدام ونقل معلوماتك على النحو المبين في هذه السياسة.

حساب المستخدم وشروط التسجيل
التسجيل في كوي مول هو خدمة مجانية وستحصل على اسم المستخدم وكلمة المرور عند إتمام عملية التسجيل في الموقع أو إتمام المعاملة. أنت مسؤول عن الحفاظ على سرية اسم المستخدم وكلمة المرور، كما أنك مسؤول مسؤولية كاملة عن جميع الأنشطة التي تتم ضمن حسابك .

أنت توافق على

(أ) إخطار كوي مول على الفور بأي استخدام غير مصرح به لحسابك أو أي خرق آخر للأمن .

(ب) أنت توافق على أنه إذا قدمت أي معلومات غير صحيحة أو غير دقيقة أو غير حديثة أو غير كاملة أو كان لدى منصتنا أسباب معقولة للشك في أن هذه المعلومات غير صحيحة أو غير دقيقة أو غير حديثة أو غير كاملة أو لا تتوافق مع شروط الاستخدام، فإن منصة كوي مول لديه الحق في تعليق أو إنهاء أو منع الوصول إلى عضويتك في المنصة إلى أجل غير مسمى ورفض تزويدك بإمكانية الوصول إلى المنصة. 

(ج) تخلي منصة كوي مول مسؤوليتها عن أي معلومات خاطئة تزودها بها ، و المنصة غير ملزمة بالتحقق من صحة المعلومات التي يتم تزويدها بها ، وتتحمل أنت التبعات القانونية التي قد تطرأ عن إدخال أي معلومات شخصية غير صحيحة . 

(د) تخلي منصة كوي مول مسؤوليتها عن أي ضرر قد يصيب المستخدم بسبب طلبه من أحد المتاجر المشتركة ، سواء كان الضرر ماديا كعطل في المنتج مثلا ، أو ضررا فعليا كانتهاء صلاحية المنتج مثلا ، وفي هذه الحالة يعتبر المتجر المشترك مسؤولا بشكل كامل قانونيا و ماديا ، ويحق لمنصة كوي مول اتخاذ أي إجراء تراه مناسبا لتعويض العميل في هذه الحالة ، ويتحمل المتجر المشترك كل تبعات هذا التعويض ، كما يحق للمنصة في هذه الحالة إيقاف حساب المتجر المشترك بشكل كامل دون سابق إنذار . 



شروط الاستخدام

١- تعتبر شركة كوي مول شوكة وسيطة بين العميل وبين المتجر أو المطعم ، وغير مسؤولة بأي شكل من الأشكال عن أي ضرر قد ينتج نتيجة بيع منتجات لا تتوافق مع معايير السلامة والصحة المحلية ، ويعتبر المتجر أو المطعم مسؤولا بشكل كامل عن منتجاته و عن خضوعها لمعايير السلامة والصحة في البلد الذي هو فيه . 

٢- يطلب من المطعم أو المتجر الالتزام التام بمعايير الجودة التي تضعها شركة كوي مول ، مثل جودة وضمان المنتجات ، والالتزام التام بأوقات التسليم والتوصيل . و يحق لشركة كوي مول اتخاذ إجراءات وقف الحساب لمن لا يلتزم بهذه المعايير ، كما يحق للشركة تعويض العميل الذي تضرر جراء عدم التزام المطعم أو المتجر بأوقات التسليم و التوصيل ، وفي هذه الحالة سيتحمل المتجر أو المطعم كافة المسؤولية والتكلفة المالية التي تم تعويض العميل بها . 

٣- يمنع منعا باتا للمتجر أو المطعم المشترك أن يضيف أي منتجات مخلة بالآداب العامة أو غير متوافقة مع أحكام الشريعة الإسلامية ، فيمنع مثلا إضافة منتجات المشروبات الكحولية و التبغ ومشتقاته ، ويمنع إضافة الصور المخلة أيضا ، ويجب على المتجر أن يختار صور المنتج بما يتوافق مع الآداب والأحكام الشرعية . و يحق لمنصة الكوي مول اتخاذ ما تراه مناسبا في حال مخالفة هذه الشروط ، ويحق للمنصة إيقاف الحساب و تعطيل الوصول للمعلومات دون سابق إنذار . 

٤- يمنع منعا باتا بيع الأسلحة أو المخدرات أو المنتجات المضرة أو المنتجات التي تعتبر ممنوعة قانونيا في البلد ، ويتحمل المتجر كافة المسؤولية القانونية في حال فعل ذلك ، كما يحق لمنصة كوي مول إيقاف حسابه دون أي سابق إنذار و تعطيل الوصول لجميع المعلومات الخاصة به . 

٥- تعتبر بيانات العملاء المسجلين في كوي مول من مسؤولية المنصة وحدها ، ولا يحق للمتجر أو المطعم طلبها أو الاطلاع عليها .

٦- يحق لإدارة الكوي مول تعديل الشروط والأحكام دون سابق إنذار و دون إعلام لأي عميل مشترك في المنصة . 


شروط التاجر


١- عدم إدراج رقم المتجر ضمن أي صورة أو منتج أو وصف أو مكان 

٢- الالتزام بالضوابط الشرعية لصور المنتجات ونوعية المنتجات 

٣- الالتزام التام بوقت التوصيل الذي تم ضبطه من قبل المتجر ، وعند وصول شكوى من عميل ما بخصوص وقت التوصيل ، فسيتم مراجعة الطلب ووقت التوصيل المحفوظ فيه ، و بناء عليه قد يتم تعويض العميل بما يرضيه ، و سيتحمل المتجر هذا التعويض عن طريق المحفظة

 ٤- يحق للعميل تقييم الطلب بما يراه مناسبا ، ولا يمكن حذف التقيمات السلبية إلا إذا ثبت تعمد الضرر من قبل كاتبها ، أما غير ذلك فيعتبر التقييم للمستخدمين حقا لهم ، و حافزا للمتجر أن يقدم خدمات منافسة ذات جودة عالية

٥- في حال تقديم شكوى من قبل عميل ما على طلبه ، فسيتم التحقيق في أمر الشكوى ، وإذا كان التقصير حقيقيا من جانب المطعم ، أو سبب ضررا ما ، فسيتم تعويض العميل أيضا و يتحمل المتجر قيمة هدا التعويض . 
مثال : طلب عدة منتجات وجاء الطلب ناقصا ، في هذه الحالة إما أن يتدارك المتجر الخطأ و يعيد إرسال المنتجات الناقصة ، أو سيتم تعويض العميل بما يرضيه عن طريق التطبيق ، و يتم تحميل التعويض على المتجر في محفظته .

٦- الأسعار في التطبيق يجب أن تطابق السعر الحقيقي 
ممنوع زيادة الأسعار نهائيا

